hey guys Erica swarthy Daisy here doing
a quick comparison between 23 and me and
my ancestry DNA results now I've used
both companies and both served two
totally different purposes you can kind
of go with either one but I'm going to
show you the results so you can make
your own decision now here you're
looking at 23andme they say I'm ninety
two point three percent sub-saharan
African West African Central and South
African and broadly sub-saharan African
of course they just kind of give you
your breakdowns by regions and then you
have seven point two percent European
and it breaks down the northern European
British and Irish broadly northern
european southern european broadly
southern european and broadly european
and then the last section as you see it
shows the East Asian and Native American
percentage which is zero point one
percent and they break it down by
Southeast Asian and then broadly East
Asian and Native American and then
lastly zero point four percent is under
Sun aside DNA as you see toward the
bottom the my ancestry DNA results for
ninety four percent African and some of
the ways that they broke that down which
I really appreciate it was they showed
you Cameroon Congo which is a specific
group of people that's something that
23andme didn't do in those results that
you saw up top and again I'm still
researching and learning how to use the
23andme platform so you might find in
the future that they might have more
information available but as for now my
DNA my ancestry DNA says Cameroon Congo
25 percent Ivory Coast Ghana is 18
percent benign Togo is 14 percent and
then you have Senegal Nigeria Africa
southeastern bantu and then it also goes
on to show that I have some Mali and in
addition to the Mali you also sees
Africa South Central hunter-gatherers
Europe 6% Ireland and Scandinavia 1% of
that so between both companies I think
they are doing an excellent job as far
as the science behind DNA discovery and
I there are pros and cons to both but I
think both are pros because science is
changing rapidly and as it changes these
platforms update your information and
they add new feature so you can't go
wrong with either one but me personally
I wanted to use ancestry.com platform to
try to tie some of my DNA matches to the
trees that I have set up on there so
it'll make it slightly easier
whereas 23andme doesn't have a family
tree option that's really really I don't
know if they came up with something new
I don't know how popular it is yet but
it's still something developing so
really you be the judge you can either
buy one or the other or you can buy both
this is Erica swarthy Daisy thanks for
watching bye